1. <span style="background:#fff88f"> Opioid side effects</span> include respiratory depression, nausea and vomiting, pruritus, cough suppression, urinary retention, and biliary tract spasm. Some opioids may induce histamine release and cause hives, bronchospasm, and hypotension.
2.  <span style="background:#fff88f">One-lung ventilation (OLV)</span> can be achieved with <font color="#245bdb">**double-lumen endotracheal tubes (DLTs)**,</font> bronchial blockers, and standard single-lumen endotracheal tubes (ETTs), each of which has advantages and disadvantages.
3.  Anesthesia awareness （麻醉中的醒覺） is most likely to occur in situations where <font color="#245bdb">**minimal**</font> anesthetic is administered, often because of hemodynamical instability, such as during cardiopulmonary bypass, trauma, and in obstetrics. Symptoms of awareness can be nonspecific, and the use of neuromuscular blockade increases the risk of unrecognized awareness.
    increase risks:?
4.  Methohexital is the most common induction agent for electroconvulsive therapy because it has minimal anticonvulsant properties, has a rapid onset with a short duration of action, and has low cardiac toxicity.
5. Common indications for **<font color="#245bdb">permanent pacemaker</font>** placement are the following: symptomatic bradycardia that is not reversible, second-degree type II heart block, and third-degree heart block.
6. Pacemaker code positions I, II, and III define the chamber in which pacing occurs, the chamber in which sensing occurs, and the mode of the response to the sensed or triggered event, respectively. Asynchronous pacing modes are most commonly used for temporary pacing or to allow for the safe use of surgical electrocautery during surgery. 
7. ==<span style="background:#fff88f">Chronic alcohol</span>== use leads to delayed gastric emptying and relaxation of the lower esophageal sphincter, the risk of which increase the risk of aspiration.
8. The fetal circulation is a parallel circulation containing three shunts (i.e., ductus venosus, foramen ovale, and ductus arteriosus) that function to deliver the most highly oxygenated fetal blood from the placenta to the developing heart and brain.
9. 
 